## 2020.07.11
Reading Steven Johnson's Where Good Ideas Come From:

> Keeping a slow hunch alive poses challenges on multiple scales For starters, you have to preserve the hunch in your own memory, in the dense network of your neurons. Most slow hunches never last long enough to turn into something useful, because they pass in and out of our memory too quickly, precisely because they possess a certain murkiness. You get a feeling that there's an interesting avenue to explore, a problem that might someday lead you to a solution, but then you get distracted by more pressing matters and the hunch disappears. So part of the secret of hunch cultivation is simple: write everything down.

> We can track the evolution of Darwin's ideas with such precision because he adhered to a rigorous practice of maintaining notebooks where he quoted other sources, improvised new ideas, interrogated and dismissed false leads, drew diagrams, and generally let his mind roam on the page. We can see Darwin's ideas evolve because on some basic level the notebook platform creates a cultivating space for his hunches; it is not that the notebook is a mere transcription of the ideas, which are happening offstage somewhere in Darwin's mind. Darwin was constantly rereading his notes, discovering new implica tions. His ideas emerge as a kind of duet between the present tense thinking brain and all those past observations recorded on paper. Somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean, a train of association compels him to revisit his notes on the fauna of the Galápagos archi pelago from five months before. As he reads through his observations a new thought begins to take shape in his mind, which provoke whole new set of notes that will only make complete sense to Darwin two years later, after the Malthus episode.

(p.83)